We know your daily struggle and here’s our solution to help you Stop Struggling. 
Almost every electrical device and system in your home can be automated, Managed via a smart device or DLP panel. This provides you with improved convenience, comfort, and energy efficiency.
we offer a decentralized customizable ai-based and affordable <br/>software and hardware platform for automating a home, building. 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
https://www.crabtreeindia.com/en/products/automation-main.html

How Home Automation Can Help You
Almost every electrical device and system in your home can be automated, Managed via a smart device or DLP panel, centralized or autonomous control has never been so easy. This provides you with improved convenience, comfort, and energy efficiency. Think of a Crabtree home automation system as a unseen housekeeper, who's always there to give you a helping hand.



-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
https://smartify.in/

Live in the Future

Control Everything at Your Fingertips
Turn on your lights, play your favourite music or change your room temperature, at the tap of your smartphone.

Run Personalized Schedules
Have your coffee ready when you wake up. Automatically turn everything off when you leave for work. Experience true intelligence.

Talk to Your Home or Make it Talk.
Simply talk to your virtual voice assistant, and ask it to do anything for you– be it ordering groceries to solving a math problem.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
https://www.openmotics.com/en/
OpenMotics is an open, modular, wired and affordable software and hardware platform for automating a home, building or district.

We offer a total solution by automating all devices and systems in your home, building or district and bringing them together on one platform. What’s more, we make it possible for you to live more energy-efficiently by gaining insight into and anticipating your consumption patterns. This can be done both collectively and individually, for greater convenience, safety and sustainability.

OpenMotics’ mission is to make building automation as self-evident and relevant as running water and electricity.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
https://homegenie.it/
Meet HomeGenie
The open source, programmable, home automation server for smart connected devices and applications


Customizable solution for your Home Automation
Designed on a multi-standard basis, HomeGenie can interface to various devices such as X10, Insteon, Z-Wave, Philips Hue, UPnP/DLNA, RFXCom, KNX, communicate with external web services and integrate all of this into a common automation enviroment. So even if based on different standards, inside HomeGenie, all "modules" can be controlled and automated to work all togheter.
With a modern built-in web user interace, HomeGenie can be enjoyed from any PC, smartphone or tablet.
---------------------------------------------------------
https://profx.com/automation-solutions/?gclid=Cj0KCQiA3-yQBhD3ARIsAHuHT651MpVEQAnHBbFX_yZcbXYi7ELEEKK0rk8oyYL6BT9zp77eu41ERxwaAiOVEALw_wcB

NOT JUST REMOTE CONTROL, REMOTE MANAGE YOUR LIFE
Manage and control significant aspects of your life like Security, Surveillance, Access Control, Motion Detection, Safety, Lighting, Temperature, Audio, Video and other home functions through a one-touch screen. PRO FX can help you integrate most of your electronic gadgets through your smart phone, or the Internet.
--------------------------------
HOMES THAT INTERACT WITH YOU. AND NO,
IT’S NOT A SCI-FI MOVIE SCENARIO ANYMORE!

Just imagine. You return home after a tiring day of work. Lights switch on, security gets disabled, and the garage door opens. While you park the car, music strains float from the foyer. The grass on your front lawn gleams with a sprinkle of fresh water. You step indoors, the air-conditioning starts; the TV turns on your favorite channel…

Today’s technologies can simplify our lives greatly. Home automation solutions from PRO FX integrate different electronics already installed in your home such as lighting, audio, TV, projector, motorized drapes, screen, alarm and surveillance system, etc. By installing an integrated, smart automation system, you can save precious time, effort and energy.

You can choose from a wide range of internationally recommended home automation products and solutions from PRO FX based on your budget and lifestyle. And of course, we can customize the solutions based on the security, convenience and comfort you seek.
------------------------------
https://www.homeautomat.in/smart-home-automation.html

Home Automat’s Smart Home Automation solution focuses on complementing your lifestyle with Smart Home Solutions than complicating it

Smart Home Automation solution focuses on complementing your lifestyle with Safety, Security, Savings & Convenience Solutions. HomeAutomat’s Smart Home Solution range of services include control of Lighting (ON/OFF, Dimming), Motorised Curtains, Blinds, Gates & Skylights, HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning), Multi Room Audio System, TV / Home Theatre, Security & Surveillance (CCTV, Intrusion Alarm System, Sensors, Video Door Phone, Digital Door Lock), Home Appliances & Garden Control. HomeAutomat integrates these systems with both Wired and Wireless network to give you simple & seamless control. HomeAutomat offers solutions on a project basis for New Home or on a retrofit mode for the Existing Homes, Gated Community like Apartment or Villas...

https://www.homeautomat.in/smart-home-automation.html
https://profx.com/automation-solutions/?url=https://profx.com/automation-solutions/&utm_source=google&utm_medium=CPC&utm_campaign=Search-Home+Automation+India&utm_id=14878060521&gclid=Cj0KCQiA3-yQBhD3ARIsAHuHT651MpVEQAnHBbFX_yZcbXYi7ELEEKK0rk8oyYL6BT9zp77eu41ERxwaAiOVEALw_wcB
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
https://profx.in/home-automation/

Home AutomationSMART HOMES AT YOUR COMMANDThis is the era of smart homes, of intelligent, responsive devices and systems, which function exactly how and when you need them to. All to transform your home into an intelligent dwelling space that responds to your needs and wishes to make a life an effortless, convenient and enjoyable experience.Our smart home automation solutions integrate different electronics in your home, such as lighting, audio, TV, motorized drapes, alarms and surveillance systems, air conditioning and more. And enable you to program and control them to operate exactly as you wish, either through your smartphone/mobile device and/or the Internet, or through your voice with Google Assistant, Siri or Alexa.Our Home Automation engineers will work closely with you to understand your specific requirements. They will then design, install and commission the perfect automation solution for you using the most appropriate mix of products and technologies.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
security
HomeAutomat makes your home protected by the required surveillance and best in class security measures for your integrated home. The security measures include Intrusion Alarm & Detection System, Remote Monitoring and creating an Alert zone for a safe and secure home.
Security & Surveillance Control, Alerts on the go, Screen Visitors, Video Messages
HomeAutomat allows you to create the Home atmosphere, as if you are at home while actually you are out on a Vacation. The Video Surveillance System allows you to have a watch as you desire. The automated alerts on SMS/Alarms/Push Notifications can keep you in touch with the home for better safety.
HomeAutomat makes your home protected by the required surveillance and best in class security measures for your integrated home. The security measures include Intrusion Alarm & Detection System, Remote Monitoring and creating an Alert zone for a safe and secure home.
HomeAutomat makes your home protected by the required surveillance and best in class security measures for your integrated home.
Integrate high quality electronic door locks, video door phones and intrusion detectors to monitor and alert unauthorised entry into home.
View and record guests arriving at the front door, or check on children in the pool or garden from any Tablet or PC
----
Take Your Home With You
Protect your home from intruders. Keep a tab on visitors. Lock and unlock your doors from anywhere. Get instant notifications on your smartphone and trigger a loud alarm, if someone tries to break into your home.
Easy Control and Monitoring. Instant Alerts – Anywhere, Anytime

Unlock Your Doors From Anywhere
Remotely control your door locks from anywhere in the world. Give instant access to surprise visitors and your dear ones.


Instant Alerts and Notifications
Get instant alerts on your mobile device in case of any security breach. Raise instant alarms and take the necessary corrective action.


Talk to your guests from anywhere
Talk to your guests from anywhere in the world. Ask the delivery boys to drop the parcels and keep away suspicious people.

Always stay informed about visitors at your door
You can keep a watch as to what happens around your main door anytime and from anywhere in the world. The Live Video feed lets you see your main door area right from your mobile application. You can also see, hear and talk to visitors at your main door. Capture images, snapshots and much more for ultimate-peace-of-mind.

Monitoring 24×7
Most of home security devices are equipped with a night vision camera that helps you to keep an eye on your home eve during the dark hours of the day. Also some of the video door bells also have built-in motion detection sensor that will quickly report you about any suspicious and unwanted movement at your main door.

You can also configure with other third-party devices to turn ON lights if any motion is detected for an additional layer of security.

Sensors for every application
A wholistic approach to home security is very essential. In addition to having sensors that can detect and report any intrusion or unwanted motion, sensor that can report any accidental events like smoke leakage, gas leakage are equally important to ensure overall home safety.

Also the control over the multiple sensors at a time should be quick and less cumbersome. A remote keyfob or a smartphone application can let you have instant access and better control over your home security.
----
Integrate high quality electronic door locks, video door phones and intrusion detectors to monitor and alert unauthorised entry into home.

Our clever security system connects your business security, access, CCTV, lights, locks and more, for seamless automation and control. It can protect your business, whether you are on-site or at home with our new security packages.
Protect My Home
How it works
-----
alarm
-----
alarm verification combines the latest in digital security technology with 24/7 professional monitoring and mobile access

When a security event or intrusion occurs, the SmartView system detects the event and immediately provides video footage of the incident for instant review at one of ECAMSECURE’S remote monitoring stations. Motion viewers send a video clip of what tripped a given sensor, allowing for instant verification of the alarm and the threat. The owner or manager of the property will be notified immediately, and at the same time, the verified alert will be relayed to emergency responders, resulting in an expedited

---
remote
---ascess

 we provide  the ability for an authorized person to access devices from a geographical distance through a local home network connection.

Remote access enables users to connect to the systems they need when they are physically far away. This is especially important for employees who work at branch offices, are traveling or telecommute.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Energy Savings
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
HomeAutomat focuses in giving you convenience with cost savings. The primary factor is energy consumption and management. Our range of sensor based solutions and thermostat solution & lighting shall take care of better energy savings resulting in your guaranteed ROI (Return On Investment). You can easily identify which pieces of hardware is the reason behind your higher electricity bill. You can also program the system to help you make the most of the savings.
Smart  Home  Energy  Management  System A  Multi-agent IOT basaed Approach for  Scheduling and Controlling Household Appliances 

Discover a Smarter Way to Save Energy.
Use the power of technology to intelligently save money. Automatically turn off your air-conditioner, lights and fans when you’re not home. Get detailed insights into how much energy you’re consuming. Create personalized schedules to optimize energy consumption and comfort.

Energy Management turns Simpler

One Touch Control
Check and monitor the status of all your home electrical appliances over your smartphone. Control the devices at convenience and ease.


Energy Monitoring and Saving
Monitor and Control the energy usage patters of different electrical appliances in your home. Trigger lights based on presence and day-time schedules for optimum energy usage.


Learn Usage Patterns
Based on your daily behaviour and routine, your smart home devices will learn your energy usage patterns and optimise them giving you the peace-of-mind.
-------
“With Energy Manager, smart-home owners can cover up to 50 percent of their annual energy needs using the electricity they have generated locally,” Weiss says. And if the home has its own battery storage unit, this figure can be as high as 70 percent. Bosch aims to make Energy Manager the central power hub for smart homes. Martin Weiss and his team are now working on a way to use solar power to recharge electric cars in the home garage.


Renewable Energy
Sustainable energy
IBM Cloud Pak for Business Automation is a modular set of integrated software components, built for any hybrid cloud, designed to automate work and accelerate business growth. This end-to-end automation platform helps you analyze workflows, design AI-infused apps with low-code tooling, assign tasks to bots and track performance.
  We forge digital products and online experiences rooted in user expectations and data to ultimately help our partners grow, innovate, and exceed their business objectives.